The dataset obtained in R by loading "CourseProjectResult.txt" with read.table is a 'data.frame' containing 180 obs. of the following 88 variables:  
subject                                                    : int, id of the subject from whose smartphones comes the measurements  
activity                                                   : Factor, activity the subject was performing at time of measurement  
timesignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisx                      : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis X  
timesignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisy                      : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis y  
timesignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisz                      : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis z  
timesignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisx                       : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis X  
timesignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisy                       : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis y  
timesignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisz                       : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis z  
timesignalgravityaccelerationmeanonaxisx                   : num, time signal, mean of the gravity acceleration on axis X  
timesignalgravityaccelerationmeanonaxisy                   : num, time signal, mean of the gravity acceleration on axis y  
timesignalgravityaccelerationmeanonaxisz                   : num, time signal, mean of the gravity acceleration on axis z  
timesignalgravityaccelerationstdonaxisx                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on axis X  
timesignalgravityaccelerationstdonaxisy                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on axis y  
timesignalgravityaccelerationstdonaxisz                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on axis z  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisx                  : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis X  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisy                  : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis y  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisz                  : num, time signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis z  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisx                   : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis X  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisy                   : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis y  
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisz                   : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis z  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisx                   : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis X  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisy                   : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis y  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisz                   : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis z  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisx                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis X  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisy                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis y  
timesignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisz                    : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis z  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkmeanonaxisx               : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity jerk on axis X  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkmeanonaxisy               : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity jerk on axis y  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkmeanonaxisz               : num, time signal, mean of the body angular velocity jerk on axis z  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkstdonaxisx                : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity jerk on axis X  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkstdonaxisy                : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity jerk on axis y  
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkstdonaxisz                : num, time signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity jerk on axis z  
timesignalbodyaccelerationmagnitudemean                    : num, time signal, mean of the magnitude of the body acceleration   
timesignalbodyaccelerationmagnitudestd                     : num, time signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body acceleration   
timesignalgravityaccelerationmagnitudemean                 : num, time signal, mean of the magnitude of the gravity acceleration   
timesignalgravityaccelerationmagnitudestd                  : num, time signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the gravity acceleration   
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemean                : num, time signal, mean of the magnitude of the body acceleration jerk   
timesignalbodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudestd                 : num, time signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body acceleration jerk   
timesignalbodyangularvelocitymagnitudemean                 : num, time signal, mean of the magnitude of the body angular velocity    
timesignalbodyangularvelocitymagnitudestd                  : num, time signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body angular velocity    
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkmagnitudemean             : num, time signal, mean of the magnitude of the body angular velocity  jerk   
timesignalbodyangularvelocityjerkmagnitudestd              : num, time signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body angular velocity jerk   
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisx                 : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisy                 : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis y   
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanonaxisz                 : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisx                  : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisy                  : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationstdonaxisz                  : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanfreqonaxisx             : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanfreqonaxisy             : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmeanfreqonaxisz             : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisx             : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisy             : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanonaxisz             : num, frequency signal, mean of the body acceleration jerk on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisx              : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisy              : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkstdonaxisz              : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body acceleration jerk on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqonaxisx         : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration jerk on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqonaxisy         : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration jerk on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationjerkmeanfreqonaxisz         : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body acceleration jerk on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisx              : num, frequency signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisy              : num, frequency signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanonaxisz              : num, frequency signal, mean of the body angular velocity on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisx               : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisy               : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitystdonaxisz               : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the body angular velocity on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanfreqonaxisx          : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body angular velocity on axis X  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanfreqonaxisy          : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body angular velocity on axis y  
frequencysignalbodyangularvelocitymeanfreqonaxisz          : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the body angular velocity on axis z  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmagnitudemean               : num, frequency signal, mean of the magnitude of the body acceleration   
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmagnitudestd                : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body acceleration  
frequencysignalbodyaccelerationmagnitudemeanfreq           : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the magnitude of the body acceleration   
frequencysignalbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemean       : num, frequency signal, mean of the magnitude of the body acceleration jerk   
frequencysignalbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudestd        : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body acceleration jerk   
frequencysignalbodybodyaccelerationjerkmagnitudemeanfreq   : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the magnitude of the body acceleration jerk   
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocitymagnitudemean        : num, frequency signal, mean of the magnitude of the body angular velocity    
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocitymagnitudestd         : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body angular velocity    
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocitymagnitudemeanfreq    : num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the magnitude of the body angular velocity    
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocityjerkmagnitudemean    : num, frequency signal, mean of the magnitude of the body angular velocity  jerk   
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocityjerkmagnitudestd     : num, frequency signal, standard deviation of the magnitude of the body angular velocity jerk   
frequencysignalbodybodyangularvelocityjerkmagnitudemeanfreq: num, frequency signal, mean of the frequency of the magnitude of the body angular velocity jerk   
angletbodyaccelerationmeangravity                          : num, average of the body acceleration / gravity in a window sample, for variable angle   
angletbodyaccelerationjerkmeangravitymean                  : num, average of the body acceleration jerk / gravity in a window sample, for variable angle  
angletbodyangularvelocitymeangravitymean                   : num, average of the body angular velocity / gravity in a window sample, for variable angle  
angletbodyangularvelocityjerkmeangravitymean               : num, average of the body angular velocity jerk / gravity in a window sample, for variable angle  
anglexgravitymean                                          : num, average of the gravity on axis x in a window sample, for variable angle  
angleygravitymean                                          : num, average of the gravity on axis y in a window sample, for variable angle  
anglezgravitymean                                          : num, average of the gravity on axis z in a window sample, for variable angle  
